[Docs] Updated intro (#4765)
DivanteLtd/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/README.md

_Service Layer_ : __Composables__ - This contains business logic in _Vue.js_ framework

_Presentation Layer_ : __UI Components__ - _Vue Storefront_ has already launched its sister project [Storefront UI](https://www.storefrontui.io/) helping you build your UI and theme hands down.

_Framework Layer_ : __Nuxt__ - _Nuxt_ works as a glue for all the framework components even though it's not a must-use. 

_Vue Storefront_ is a set of independent `npm` packages taking various roles of the framework. It's really up to you _how much_ of the framework you will use in your project. You can cherry-pick any combination to your advantage. 

:::tip
_Vue Storefront_ packages are standalone which allows you to use them in __any__ Vue.js enviroment so it's not a must to use Nuxt. You can use _Vue Storefront_ packages with Vue CLI or even within your custom Vue.js codebase. All you need is know how to communicate with _Vue Storefront_, which is done via interfaces over API.
:::

## Backend Integration
_Vue Storefront_ is a frontend framework undoubtedly. It needs an e-commerce backend to fully function in its glory.

> Here is the list of backend e-commerce integration already out in the field.
> 
> - about-you
> - commercetools
> - shopify
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the list of e-commerce platform integrations already out in the field.

- Commercetools (Stable beta)
- Shopify (Developers Preview)
- About You Cloud (Developers Preview)

```

We will walk you with details of each integration in its dedicated guide. 

> ## Benefits you take
> - Blazingly fast
> - Works with any backend, CMS, ERP, PIM, and anything else that has API
> - Server Side Rendered
> - Progressive Web App
> - Huge flexibility in changing third-party services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Benefits you take
- Blazingly fast frontend
- Ability to work with any eCommerce platform, CMS, ERP, PIM **under common, agnostic API**
- Server Side Rendereing
- Progressive Web App features
- Huge flexibility in changing third-party services thanks to agnostic data formats
```
